content/pricing.md, before:

---
title: Pricing
layout: pricing
draft: false
plans:
- title: Basic Plan
  subtitle: Our Budget Conscious Plan
  price: 899
  type: night
  features:
    - 7 nights
    - 24/7 Baby Monitoring
    - Postnatal Yoga
    - 1x Lactation Consultation
  button:
    label: Get Started
    link: "/contact"

- title: Standard Plan
  subtitle: Our Most Popular Plan
  price: 999
  type: night
  recommended: true
  features:
    - 14 nights
    - 24/7 Baby Monitoring
    - Postnatal Yoga
    - 2x Lactation Consultations
    - Pelvic Floor Physical Therapy
  button:
    label: Get started
    link: "/contact"

- title: Premium Plan
  subtitle: Our Most Luxurious Plan
  price: 799
  type: night
  features:
    - 30 nights
    - Pelvic Floor Physical Therapy
    - Custom Meal Planning
    - 6x Postnatal Massage Treatments
  button:
    label: Get started
    link: "/contact"

call_to_action:
  title: Have a question?
  content: We are happy to discuss your needs and help you throughout your postpartum journey.
  image: '/images/question-cta.svg'
  button:
    enable: true
    label: "Contact Us"
    link: "/contact"
    
---

Commit message:

Fixes issues with meta tags for SEO. - Should fix any issues with Google being able to crawl the site.

content/pricing.md, after:

---
title: Pricing
layout: pricing
draft: false
meta_title: Pricing
description: We offer multiple plans ranging from a basic 7 night stay all the way up to 30 nights. Want to stay longer? No problem! There is no maximum stay time. Just call ahead to inform our booking agents and we will arrange for your stay.
image: "/images/pricing.svg"
noindex: false
canonical: "https://www.yuzicare.com/pricing"
plans:
- title: Basic Plan
  subtitle: Our Budget Conscious Plan
  price: 999
  type: night
  features:
    - 7 nights
    - 24/7 Baby Monitoring
    - Postnatal Yoga
    - 1x Lactation Consultation
  button:
    label: Get Started
    link: "/contact"

- title: Standard Plan
  subtitle: Our Most Popular Plan
  price: 1,199
  type: night
  recommended: true
  features:
    - 14 nights
    - 24/7 Baby Monitoring
    - Postnatal Yoga
    - 2x Lactation Consultations
    - Pelvic Floor Physical Therapy
  button:
    label: Get started
    link: "/contact"

- title: Premium Plan
  subtitle: Our Most Luxurious Plan
  price: 1,499
  type: night
  features:
    - 30 nights
    - Pelvic Floor Physical Therapy
    - Custom Meal Planning
    - 6x Postnatal Massage Treatments
  button:
    label: Get started
    link: "/contact"

call_to_action:
  title: Have a question?
  content: We are happy to discuss your needs and help you throughout your postpartum journey.
  image: '/images/question-cta.svg'
  button:
    enable: true
    label: "Contact Us"
    link: "/contact"
    
---
