content/team.md, before:

---
title: Our Team
layout: team
draft: false
people:
- name: Stephiney Foley
  title: Founder & CEO
  image: "/images/steph_no_bg_profile.png"
  bio: Meet Stephiney, the founder and CEO of Yuzi, a fervent advocate for maternal care and tech innovation. Her personal journey into motherhood, fraught with NICU stays, postpartum depression, and a lack of support and education, ignited an unwavering commitment to revolutionize the postnatal experience for mothers across the U.S. Fueled by her own experiences and recognizing the pain points of countless mothers, Stephiney witnessed a glaring gap in the system – a severe lack of support, care, education, and accessible facilities for new mothers. Drawing upon her professional background as a technical product leader at Amazon, Tesla, and an operations leader in the U.S. Army, Stephiney has honed her skills as both a serial entrepreneur and a tech executive, enriching her passion with expertise. With a track record of launching multiple startups and products, Stephiney's determination is a driving force in her mission to bring transformative change to the lives of mothers nationwide.

- name: Dr. Tiffany Chen
  title: Chief Wellness Officer
  image: "/images/tiffant_no_bg_profile.png"
  bio: Meet Dr. Tiffany, Yuzi's Chief Wellness Officer, an esteemed OB/GYN, and a soon-to-be mother of two. Tiffany’s academic journey led her from Johns Hopkins University to a full academic scholarship for medical school. Her expertise further blossomed during her OB/GYN residency at the University of Washington, where her surgical prowess and patient-centered care garnered distinguished awards. Tiffany prides herself in her commitment in creating an inclusive space for her patients and  firmly believes it is a privilege to be a part of women's lives, whether in moments of triumph or adversity and that it is critical to foster an open and nonjudgmental environment, where all moms feel fully supported and heard.

- name: Michelle Homan
  title: Head of Partnerships
  image: "/images/michelle_no_bg_profile.png"
  bio: Meet Michelle, a mother of two and the Head of Partnerships & Business Development at Yuzi. With a robust background as a partnerships strategy executive, former management consultant, consumer and shopper insights researcher, and a Tuck MBA, Michelle brings a wealth of expertise to our team. Her personal journey of giving birth to her two children far from family support ignited a desire for enhanced postnatal care. This led her to delve into global postnatal care models, revealing a striking absence of birth-parent centric recovery care in the U.S. Fueled by this revelation, Michelle is driven to collaborate with like-minded brands, offering new parents an all-encompassing, supportive, and interconnected postnatal experience that is truly one-of-a-kind.

- name: Harper Foley
  title: CTO & CFO
  image: "/images/harper_no_bg_profile.png"
  bio: Meet Harper, the Chief Technology Officer at Yuzi and a devoted father of two boys. Alongside his wife, Stephiney, he is a serial entrepreneur with a remarkable track record as founders in multiple startups spanning various spaces, from E-commerce to Web3 and Digital Solutions. Harper's diverse journey, which includes roles as a Navy Special Operations Officer, Tech M&A Investment Banker and Full Stack Developer, uniquely positions him to drive Yuzi's technological evolution. His unwavering commitment to innovation propels Yuzi's mission to revolutionize postnatal care, ensuring a transformative impact in the lives of new parents. 
---

Commit message:

Fixes issues with meta tags for SEO. - Should fix any issues with Google being able to crawl the site.

content/team.md, after:

---
title: Our Team
layout: team
draft: false
meta_title: Our Team
description: Our team, consisting of experienced moms and experts in postnatal care, is passionately committed to supporting you on your path to recovery and self-discovery. We offer a range of carefully curated services and programs tailored to meet the diverse needs of moms at different stages of their postnatal journey.
image: "/images/steph_no_bg_profile.png"
noindex: false
canonical: "https://www.yuzicare.com/team"
people:
- name: Stephiney Foley
  title: Founder & CEO
  image: "/images/steph_no_bg_profile.png"
  bio: Meet Stephiney, the founder and CEO of Yuzi, a fervent advocate for maternal care and tech innovation. Her personal journey into motherhood, fraught with NICU stays, postpartum depression, and a lack of support and education, ignited an unwavering commitment to revolutionize the postnatal experience for mothers across the U.S. Fueled by her own experiences and recognizing the pain points of countless mothers, Stephiney witnessed a glaring gap in the system – a severe lack of support, care, education, and accessible facilities for new mothers. Drawing upon her professional background as a technical product leader at Amazon, Tesla, and an operations leader in the U.S. Army, Stephiney has honed her skills as both a serial entrepreneur and a tech executive, enriching her passion with expertise. With a track record of launching multiple startups and products, Stephiney's determination is a driving force in her mission to bring transformative change to the lives of mothers nationwide.

- name: Dr. Tiffany Chen
  title: Chief Wellness Officer
  image: "/images/tiffant_no_bg_profile.png"
  bio: Meet Dr. Tiffany, Yuzi's Chief Wellness Officer, an esteemed OB/GYN, and a soon-to-be mother of two. Tiffany’s academic journey led her from Johns Hopkins University to a full academic scholarship for medical school. Her expertise further blossomed during her OB/GYN residency at the University of Washington, where her surgical prowess and patient-centered care garnered distinguished awards. Tiffany prides herself in her commitment in creating an inclusive space for her patients and  firmly believes it is a privilege to be a part of women's lives, whether in moments of triumph or adversity and that it is critical to foster an open and nonjudgmental environment, where all moms feel fully supported and heard.

- name: Michelle Homan
  title: Head of Partnerships
  image: "/images/michelle_no_bg_profile.png"
  bio: Meet Michelle, a mother of two and the Head of Partnerships & Business Development at Yuzi. With a robust background as a partnerships strategy executive, former management consultant, consumer and shopper insights researcher, and a Tuck MBA, Michelle brings a wealth of expertise to our team. Her personal journey of giving birth to her two children far from family support ignited a desire for enhanced postnatal care. This led her to delve into global postnatal care models, revealing a striking absence of birth-parent centric recovery care in the U.S. Fueled by this revelation, Michelle is driven to collaborate with like-minded brands, offering new parents an all-encompassing, supportive, and interconnected postnatal experience that is truly one-of-a-kind.

- name: Harper Foley
  title: CTO & CFO
  image: "/images/harper_no_bg_profile.png"
  bio: Meet Harper, the Chief Technology Officer at Yuzi and a devoted father of two boys. Alongside his wife, Stephiney, he is a serial entrepreneur with a remarkable track record as founders in multiple startups spanning various spaces, from E-commerce to Web3 and Digital Solutions. Harper's diverse journey, which includes roles as a Navy Special Operations Officer, Tech M&A Investment Banker and Full Stack Developer, uniquely positions him to drive Yuzi's technological evolution. His unwavering commitment to innovation propels Yuzi's mission to revolutionize postnatal care, ensuring a transformative impact in the lives of new parents. 
---
